# Os_project_2
I went down a lot of rabbit trails with this project. I way underestimated how much time it would take me to do it. I will not underestimate again. Part of me just wanted to turn it in to be on time, but the other part knows that I need to figure this out because the next project will be built on this one.   It seemed pretty straightforward and not that complicated. IT FOOLED ME!!! I liked it built upon what I knew before. I love makefiles now.  
It took me a while to figure out how to allocate and deallocate memory. Then, it was figuring out HOW to change the allocated memory. Tricky, tricky putting two values in there.  I should have looked at the hints a lot sooner then I did. Also, perror is AMAZING. 
Then, the next challange was trying to figure out how in the world to fork and exec a process. EVIL EXECS. Also, tricky sending the n value to the child. Cause then, you have to figure out how to USE that value AND how to send it. 
GDB is amazing, cause if you forget to put in some error messages (Also, not good to not put in error messages, then you have no idea where in the world your problem is and it saves your laptop from being thrown against a wall) you can find it. Awesome tool I am now in love with. It's my best friend now.
I spent a lot of time reading the book and trying to figure things out. Too many rabbit trails and things to try. I forgot about saving steps in Git each time. I will definetly do that for the next one. That would be useful. 
I am disapointed I did not get it to work completly. I can do better. There was a lot to learn for this one and I really, really underestimated that. It will not happen again. I found the signal to be more difficult then I anticipated. Even pointers tripped me up. I tried a lot of different things in this project. It doesn't look the way I want it to or look like I did put as much work into it as I did. I'm disapointed in that, but I do need to turn it in and learn from that so I can get working on the next one and conquore that! I did enjoy the project, just frustrated I didn't get it working perfectly. 
There is someone in class who forgets to check their shared memory and slows down the network....I will not name names because one day, I will most likely crash something. 


